docs(gcp): Kubeflow cluster upgrade instructions and revamp of env vars (#2372)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/gke/deploy/deploy-cli.md

>    gcloud components update

Reviewer: Add "shell" to the first set of backticks (lines 44, 69, 85, 93, 101, 108, 114, 177, 184, 193, 204, 220)

Author: I've been consistently using `bash` though, what's the difference for markdown?

Reviewer 2: I would recommend leaving this as `bash`. My understanding is that our Hugo configuration uses [Chroma](https://github.com/alecthomas/chroma) for syntax highlighting. Chroma does list `bash` as a language that it can highlight, but it does not list `shell`.

1. Log in. You only need to run this command once:

    ```bash
    gcloud auth login
    ```

## Fetch packages using kpt

1. Fetch the Kubeflow package

   ```bash

>    kpt pkg get https://github.com/kubeflow/gcp-blueprints.git/kubeflow@v1.2.0 "${KF_DIR}"

Author: Thanks! Added env var description

>   * Choose the management cluster context
>     ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Choose the management cluster context
  
    ```bash
```

Author: I'd prefer we tackle this problem by formalizing a yaml formatter and add presubmit check, because it's too costly for everyone to stick to this standard.

Reviewer 2: How would that work? Would it automatically update the Markdown file or would it highlight this as a potential error when testing a PR?

In my opinion, this should not be an automatic update. Stylistically, it is a good practice to add lines between text content and code areas. (Above and below.) It helps with readability of the Markdown and generally seems to help the page render correctly. That said, I've seen some cases where Goldmark hasn't rendered the way I would have expected it to. This has led me to focus on Markdown formatting in PRs when the page renders incorrectly.

Author: Agree with that, I believe I've seen cases where trailing spaces (for the indentation) on the empty lines affect formatting. That was really confusing for me.

Additionally, just realized another source of chaos, I've been testing with an outdated hugo binary v0.5x, so I've seen quite a few times my local rendering is different from in the kubeflow.org website. So I was never confident if the doc would render correctly, until it shows up in the preview.
Luckily I just found this, so I fixed it.

In general, I did some quick research, it seems the extra rules like "always adding empty lines before and after code blocks" are not implemented by markdown formatters. However, they can be enforced by linters like https://github.com/DavidAnson/vscode-markdownlint#configure. Install that plugin on your vscode and it automatically highlights problems. Additionally, we could set up the same process in presubmit tests, so it's automatically checked for everyone. I think that's a much better way to get everyone writing markdowns with the same set of best practices. It should also save all the manual review efforts we spend on these.

Author: Created https://github.com/kubeflow/website/issues/2381, let's follow up there.

>     kubectl config use-context "${MGMT_NAME}"

Author: SGTM, thanks for the reminder!

    ```

>   * Create a namespace in your management cluster for the managed project if you haven't done so.
>     ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Create a namespace in your management cluster for the managed project if you haven't done so.
  
    ```bash
```

    kubectl create namespace "${PROJECT}"

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```

```

>     `${PROJECT}` here should be the `${MANAGED_PROJECT}` mentioned in step [Authorize Cloud Config Connector for each managed project
> ](http://localhost:1313/docs/gke/deploy/management-setup/#authorize-cloud-config-connector-for-each-managed-project).

Reviewer: Maybe:

```suggestion
    where `${PROJECT}` is you `${MANAGED_PROJECT}` mentioned in the [Authorize Cloud Config Connector for each managed project
](http://localhost:1313/docs/gke/deploy/management-setup/#authorize-cloud-config-connector-for-each-managed-project) step.
```

Author: Great rewrite!

  * Make the managed project's namespace default of the context:

>     ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    ```bash
```

    kubectl config set-context --current --namespace "${PROJECT}"
    ```

> 

Reviewer: Line 175, 182, 191 - add a semi-colon (`:`) at the end

   your `kubectl` credentials to point to the new cluster:

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```shell
```

or "bash"?

    gcloud container clusters get-credentials "${KF_NAME}" --zone "${ZONE}" --project "${PROJECT}"
    ```

>     Then see what's installed in the `kubeflow` namespace of your GKE cluster:

Reviewer: For a11y:

```suggestion
    Then, check what's installed in the `kubeflow` namespace of your GKE cluster:
```

>   See [kubeflow/kubeflow#731](https://github.com/kubeflow/kubeflow/issues/731).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Check [kubeflow/kubeflow#731](https://github.com/kubeflow/kubeflow/issues/731).
```
